Okay, cool, so here's what I wanna do.
Let's quickly, again,
make sure to plan one more time just
to make sure we don't have any changes.
I wanna make sure that you guys
are all caught up as well,
cuz we're about to go into the next
section, which is setting up VCS tracking.
So, okay, I'm gonna, looks good.
Okay, so before we move to that,
let's do one more thing,
which is I'm going to
actually commit my changes.
So I'm gonna say git status, right?
I'm gonna do git add -A.
So I wanna just add everything, right?
But when I do that,
look at what I'm accidentally adding here.
I don't want my terraform
plan in my repository, right?
And so this is something
else to pay attention to is,
the git ignore can help you.
But sometimes, if you have custom
naming conventions or stuff like that,
there might be generated files that
accidentally get generated by terraform
that you wanna make sure not to commit.
So in this case, we'd actually say,
git rm terraform plan.
Oops, sorry, actually get, what is it,
sorry, is it git
>> Rm
>> Is it rm?
I thought that's what it was.
Is it just force, there we go,
git rmm-- force.terraform, tfplan.
So now if I do get status,
you'll see that that's now gone, right?
So that makes sure that we don't
accidentally add that to state.
If you wanted to,
you could also do that to the lock file.
There's a bunch of other discussions on
why you'll do or do not wanna do that.
For now,
we're just gonna keep the lock file.
If you don't know what a lock file is,
it's essentially
a file that holds specific version to
SHAs of every thing that you may use.
And so this makes sure that if you
wanna use the provider tfe 48,
that if you try installing a new one, the
lock file will actually say whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, you've got 48,
you can't do 49.
You got to update my lock
file to let you do that.
So that's why people sometimes like it,
that's why sometimes people hate
it cuz it's really annoying.
I'm not a big fan of it, but for now just
to make our lives easier, we'll do it.
So I'm gonna say git commit m "feat:
initialized repository", right?
And then I'm gonna push origin main, bam.
So now if I go to my repo,
I should also see all of my other stuff.
So you guys should be able
to see this too, right?
This is now our source of truth, right?
This is the GitOps part.